Feature/update staging instructions (#90)
make-software/how-to-casperlabs: docs/aws/setup-mainnet-validator-from-scratch.md

# Get trusted_hash into config.toml
while read -r KNOWN_VALIDATOR_IP; do TRUSTED_HASH=$(timeout 2 casper-client get-block --node-address http://$KNOWN_VALIDATOR_IP:7777 -b 20 | jq -r .result.block.hash | tr -d '\n'); if [[ ! -z "$TRUSTED_HASH" ]]; then break; fi; done <<< "$KNOWN_VALIDATOR_IPS"

if [ "$TRUSTED_HASH" != "null" ]; then sudo -u casper sed -i "/trusted_hash =/c\trusted_hash = '$TRUSTED_HASH'" /etc/casper/1_0_0/config.toml; fi
```

### Staging the upgrades

> "Staging an upgrade" is a process in which you tell your node to download the upgrade files and prepare them, so that they can automatically be applied at the pre-defined activation point. The ```node_util``` script used earlier will have staged all available upgrades for your node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Staging an upgrade" is a process in which you tell your node to download the upgrade files and prepare them, so that they can automatically be applied at the pre-defined activation point. The same ```node_util``` script used earlier will have stage available upgrades for your node since when you started it.  There is no harm in running it multiple times as it will not re-stage any already loaded.

```

curl -s http://127.0.0.1:8888/status
```

#### Monitor the node's sync progres
You can monitor the node's synchronization progress by using the ```node_util.py``` utility script again:

```
/etc/casper/node_util.py watch
```

When you run the watch command, expect to see something like this:
```
Last Block: 630151 (Era: 4153)
Peer Count: 297
Uptime: 4days 6h 40m 18s 553ms
Build: 1.4.5-a7f6a648d-casper-mainnet
Key: 0147b4cae09d64ab6acd02dd0868722be9a9bcc355c2fdff7c2c244cbfcd30f158
Next Upgrade: None

RPC: Ready

● casper-node-launcher.service - Casper Node Launcher
   Loaded: loaded (/lib/systemd/system/casper-node-launcher.service; enabled; vendor preset: enabled)
   Active: active (running) since Wed 2022-03-16 21:08:50 UTC; 4 days ago
     Docs: https://docs.casperlabs.io
 Main PID: 2934 (casper-node-lau)
    Tasks: 12 (limit: 4915)
   CGroup: /system.slice/casper-node-launcher.service
           ├─ 2934 /usr/bin/casper-node-launcher
           └─16842 /var/lib/casper/bin/1_4_5/casper-node validator /etc/casper/1_4_5/config.toml
```

If your casper-node-launcher status is not active (running) with increasing time, you are either not running or restarting.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The watch command also allows and `--ip` argument to use with a node on the same network that is in sync.  This will show how far behind your node currently is.
```
